Step seven involves securing your WordPress site, using Ingenix directives, we have already secured
the first site using this method.
So all you need to do is add the relevant include file to your Engine X configuration file.
I would like you to change to your Etsy Ingenix directory once you've changed to the Etsy Ingenix directory.
That global directory contains all our include files.
There are three files that we can include in our WordPress site at this stage WordPress security that
contains the directives to secure our WordPress site headers that contains our HTTP response headers
as well as fast CGI optimized to improve the performance of our site.
We need to change directories.
We want to go back one level and then change to the sites available directory.
We can then open our site using NENO.
You can scroll down and include the headers file as well as WordPress security.
These two files must be included above the IP location context underneath.
For CGI posts, we can include our past CGI optimization file.
You can Xanana, saving your changes, njt, its test, the configuration, which is fine, or reload
Ingenix to enable the changes we have made.